(space.def) Space refers to any place pieces come to rest.
(space.rule.vertex) Valid spaces are vertexes.
(space.rule.center) Valid spaces are the center of tiles.
(space.rule.blue) A piece coming to rest on a blue space is lost.
(space.rule.vertex) Given that spaces can have up to 3 components the player may choose whichever he likes. In the case of automated movement assume any safe space if possible.

(path.def) Path refers to the distance between any adjacent spaces. If movement is defined by a vector consider the component path to be the direction.
//(path.rule.center) This is the center of one tile to the center of any adjacent tile.
(path.rule.vertex) This is one corner of a tile to an adjacent corner.
(path.rule.vertexncenter) This is from the vertex of a tile to the center or from the center to any corner.
(path.rule.random) Roll d6, 1 is north, 2 is north-east, continue clockwise.
(path.rule.track) Roll d6, 2-5 paths to target, 1 paths counterclockwise of target, 6 paths clockwise of target. Values less than 1 path backwards.
(path.rule.track.poor) Roll d6, 3-4 paths to target, 1-2 paths counterclockwise of target, 5-6 paths clockwise of target. Values less than 1 path backwards.
(path.rule.yellow) When terrain in all directions is yellow unit must declare target destination then attempt track. Units moving randomly are exempt.

(move.def) Movement is defined as transfering a piece from one space to another along a path. If movement is defined by a vector consider the move component to be the magnitude.
(move.rule) Moving one space requires a movement power of 1.
(move.rule.vertex) Given that paths have 2 components the player may choose whichever he likes. In the case of automated movement assume the path of least resistance.
//(move.rule.center) Given that paths take you from one terrain to an entire new one you recieve all effects of all terrains on your path.
(move.rule.roygbp) Include.(move.rule.blue|purple)
(move.rule.blue) Move roll value -5. Move roll result -2.
(move.rule.purple) Move roll value--.
(move.rule.grey) Move roll value++.
