(board.rule.tile) Board is made of tiles.
(tile.rule.random) One of each tile is added to the mix, the rest are added randomly. Tiles are mixed together and arranged into desired shape in random order.
(tile.set.roygbp) Tiles consist of red, orange, yellow, green, blue, purple. Hill, field, desert, forest, water, mountain.
//(tile.rule.roygbp) Basic gameplay would include 4 green and 3 of each else.
(tile.set.bw) Tiles consist of black and white. Volcanic, tundra.
(tile.set.city) Tiles are grey.
(north.rule.vertex) A north must be chosen facing a vertex, NOT a side. In case of disupte it will be decided by a roll.

(card.rule) Cards are kept in stacks with other cards of the same type. At the begining of each game they are shuffled and stacked.
(card.type.spell) Can be used whenever, effect printed on card.
(spell.rule.5n1) Each player gets 4 spell cards at the begining of the game. If they have fewer than 5 at the begining of their turn they may draw one during their upkeep.
(card.type.quest) When parameters are met can be collected to count towards your quest score.
(quest.rule.turn) May only collect quest card on their turn, but at any point during their turn.
(quest.rule.mulligan) A quest that is impossible for everyone at their current level of abilities may be discarded but a new one may not be drawn until draw parameters and next met, the discarded card is not added back into the mix for the remaining duration of this game. If the card is private it must only be impossible for the owner and it must first be revealed to everyone and it is added back into the mix, even if it is impossible for everyone.
(quest.rule.public) Quest card is placed face up on top of quest deck at the begining of maps upkeep phase. First player to complete collects it. A new card is only revealed when the previous card has been collected therefore there are no public quests AND it is the maps upkeep phase.
(quest.rule.private) If player starts their turn with no quest cards they may draw one during their draw phase. They are the only ones who may collect it.
(card.type.artifact) Immediately equipped when drawn. Effect not optional.
(card.type.race) Dealt to players at the begining of game. Effects not optional.

(piece.def) Pieces refer to any object that will take up a space on the board.
(piece.type.hero) Capable of movement and combat.
(piece.type.village) Capable of combat and NOT movement.
(village.rule.1hero) Owner may spawn hero from village during their turns upkeep but each village may only have one hero at any given time.
(piece.type.mob) Capable of combat and movement, both automated. Priority 1, non-owner piece 1 path away, attempts to track and move to and attack piece. Priority 2, owner hero 1 path away, attempts to move to hero. Else, paths randomly and attempts to move.
(piece.type.den) Not capable of combat or movement.
(den.rule.spawn) During owners upkeep roll to spawn. Limit of 5 per den at any given time.
(piece.rule.player) Each player should have a distinct set of pieces.
(piece.rule.non-player) One set should be set asside to represent non-player entities.

(void.def) The space off the edge of the board.
//(void.rule.wall) No paths exist past the edge of the board.
//(void.rule.yellow) Spaces exist for two tiles in every direction off the edge of the board. These tiles are considered yellow, except, any piece ending its turn on these is lost.
//(void.rule.void) Spaces exist infinitely in every direction but even attempting to move into one causes loss of unit.
//(void.rule.sky) Spaces exist infinitely in every direction but even attempting to move into one causes unit to fall to it's death.
(void.rule.blue) Spaces exist for two tiles in every direction off the edge of the board. These tiles are considered blue. Outside these alotted tiles no more paths exist.

(space.def) Space refers to any place pieces come to rest.
(space.rule.vertex) Valid spaces are vertexes.
(space.rule.center) Valid spaces are the center of tiles.
(space.rule.blue) A piece coming to rest on a blue space is lost.
(space.rule.vertex) Given that spaces can have up to 3 components the player may choose whichever he likes. In the case of automated movement assume any safe space if possible.

(path.def) Path refers to the distance between any adjacent spaces. If movement is defined by a vector consider the component path to be the direction.
//(path.rule.center) This is the center of one tile to the center of any adjacent tile.
(path.rule.vertex) This is one corner of a tile to an adjacent corner.
(path.rule.vertexncenter) This is from the vertex of a tile to the center or from the center to any corner.
(path.rule.random) Roll d6, 1 is north, 2 is north-east, continue clockwise.
(path.rule.track) Roll d6, 2-5 paths to target, 1 paths counterclockwise of target, 6 paths clockwise of target. Values less than 1 path backwards.
(path.rule.track.poor) Roll d6, 3-4 paths to target, 1-2 paths counterclockwise of target, 5-6 paths clockwise of target. Values less than 1 path backwards.
(path.rule.yellow) When terrain in all directions is yellow unit must declare target destination then attempt track. Units moving randomly are exempt.

(move.def) Movement is defined as transfering a piece from one space to another along a path. If movement is defined by a vector consider the move component to be the magnitude.
(move.rule) Moving one space requires a movement power of 1.
(move.rule.vertex) Given that paths have 2 components the player may choose whichever he likes. In the case of automated movement assume the path of least resistance.
//(move.rule.center) Given that paths take you from one terrain to an entire new one you recieve all effects of all terrains on your path.
(move.rule.roygbp) Include.(move.rule.blue|purple)
(move.rule.blue) Move roll value -5. Move roll result -2.
(move.rule.purple) Move roll value--.
(move.rule.grey) Move roll value++.

(roll.def) Always d6.
(roll.value.def) The die number on the roll.
(roll.result.def) The resulting power of skill associated with rolled value. Most often represented by a grid depicting each roll value and below it the associated result. The most basic version is 1-2-3-4-5-6,0-1-1-1-1-2. Any roll value of less than 1 has a result of 0. Any roll value greater than 6 has the same result as the value of 6.

(combat.def) Battle between units with different owners.
(combat.rule.lock) Combat lasts until one side is defeated or escapes.
(combat.rule.start) Combat starts when initiated by either side. Non-player units always initiate.
(combat.rule.range) The player who moves into range has the first choice to initiate combat. If they choose not to the owner of any other unit in range may still choose to initiate before players turn continues.

(win.rule.anihilation) Player wins when their pieces are the only ones left on the board.
(win.rule.5quests) Player wins when they reach 5 completed quests.
